docs/nia: add Terraform Cloud driver setup information (#10658)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/nia/network-drivers.mdx

</Tabs>

### Setting Up Terraform Cloud Driver

<EnterpriseAlert>
   This feature requires{' '}
   <a href="https://www.hashicorp.com/products/consul/features">Consul-Terraform-Sync Enterprise</a>{' '}
   which is available with <strong>Consul Enterprise</strong>.
 </EnterpriseAlert>

#### Deployment

Because a Consul-Terraform-Sync instance can only be configured with one driver, an instance can only be associated with either a Terraform driver or a Terraform Cloud driver. If there is a need to run both types of drivers, users will need to deploy a separate Consul-Terraform-Sync instance for each type of driver. Relatedly, if there is a need to run Consul-Terraform-Sync across multiple Terraform Cloud organizations, users will need to deploy a separate instance for each organization.

#### Required Setup

Prior to running Consul-Terraform-Sync with a Terraform Cloud driver, you will need to set up an account, organization, and token. We recommend that the token is a team-level token restricted to [Manage Workspaces](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/teams.html#managing-workspace-access) level permissions. Below are the steps for the recommended setup.

> The first step is to create an account with your Terraform Cloud service. After creating an account, create an [organization](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/organizations.html#creating-organizations). The address of your Terraform Cloud service will be used to configure the [`hostname`](/docs/nia/configuration#hostname), and the organization name will be used to configure the [`organization`](/docs/nia/configuration#organization) on the Terraform Cloud driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is to create an account with your Terraform Cloud service. After creating an account, create a new [organization](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/organizations.html#creating-organizations) or select an existing organization. The address of your Terraform Cloud service will be used to configure the [`hostname`](/docs/nia/configuration#hostname), and the organization name will be used to configure the [`organization`](/docs/nia/configuration#organization) on the Terraform Cloud driver.
```

A minor suggestion to include create/existing organization since we may have a split audience whose company already has an organization established that they would need to use and not use a new org.

> Once you have an account and organization, the next step is to [create a team](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/teams.html). We recommend using a dedicated team and team token to run and authenticate Consul-Terraform-Sync. Using a team token rather than a user token has the benefits of allowing cross-organization permissions as well as associating Consul-Terraform-Sync automated actions with the team rather than an individual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have an account and organization, the next step is to [create a team](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/teams.html). We recommend using a dedicated team and team token to run and authenticate Consul-Terraform-Sync. Using a team token has the benefits of restricting organization permissions as well as associating Consul-Terraform-Sync automated actions with the team rather than an individual.
```

"rather than" was used twice in a sentence.

I found that "cross-organization" a bit confusing to read, since my first interpretation thought it allowed permissions for multiple organizations.

> After creating a dedicated team, please configure the team's permissions with only the 'Manage Workspaces' organization access-level. Consul-Terraform-Sync's main work revolves around creating and managing workspaces. Therefore restricting the dedicated team's permission to Manage Workspaces level is sufficient and reduces security risk.

Author: Thanks for noticing this! I am guilty of being very inconsistent with single vs. double quotes. I looked this up and it looks like the should indeed be double-quotes. I will go through update the single-quotes in this PR

[![CTS Terraform Team Setup](/img/nia/cts-tfc-team-setup.png)](/img/nia/cts-tfc-team-setup.png)

After setting the team's permissions, the final setup step is to [generate the associated team token](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens.html#team-api-tokens), which can be done on the same team management page. This token will be used by Consul-Terraform-Sync for API authentication and will be used to configure the [`token`](/docs/nia/configuration#token-1) on the Terraform Cloud driver.

#### Additional Recommendations

> We recommend users to configure Consul-Terraform-Sync workspaces with [run notifications](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/workspaces/notifications.html) through the Terraform Cloud web application. Run notifications notify external systems about the progress of runs and could help notify users of Consul-Terraform-Sync events, particularly errored runs.

Reviewer: > Consul-Terraform-Sync workspaces

Hey, wanted to give you a heads up that I included minor revisions on how workspaces are portrayed. They're a Terraform entity and so I reworded it to 

> workspaces managed by Consul-Terraform-Sync

in the PR https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/10695
